create unit test guideline (#869)
vdaas/vald: docs/contributing/coding-style.md

    }
    ```

> #### Input agreement

Reviewer: Do you mean `input arguments`?
```suggestion
#### Input arguments
```

Author: No. I meant `agreement`. Is this strange?

Author: @kevindiu remind

Reviewer: 🤔 I think it is not `agreement`, but maybe it is ok.
How about this?
```suggestion
#### Inputs
```
I will let you know if I can think of another better words.

1. test case name

    Test case name should be readable and meaningful for understanding each test easily.

>     If you create a new test, the test name should be named based on the below-naming templates.

Author: this is because of grammary checking.
could you please confirm it?

>     If you create a new test, the test name should be named based on the below-naming templates.

Reviewer: `below-naming` is incorrect for sure 😂🤔

    - Success:
        - Start with `success` or `{verb} success` or `success {verb}`
        - End with the condition `when {condition}` or `with {condition}

>         - e.g.: `Set success when value is default value`

Reviewer 2: Which is correct, `Set` or`Sets`? 🤔  
You used `Returns` in the `Returns: ` section, so I think  `Sets` is correct 🤔 

And Wich is correct, `set` or `Set`? 🤔

Reviewer: I think `set` is more correct.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - e.g.: `set success when the value is default value`
```

>     - Fail:

Author: ah... I think `Fail/Error cases` is the best

>     - Fail:

Author: ```suggestion
    - Fail/Error cases:
```

        - Start with `fail` or `{verb} fail` or `fail {verb}`
        - End with the condition `when {condition}` or `with {condition}
        - e.g.: `fail option setting when value is invalid value(string)`

>     - Return:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Return cases:
```

>         - When the test will not much `Success` or `Fails`, please use `Return` pattern.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - If the test case do not match with `Success` or `Fails`, please use `Return` pattern.
```

        - Start with `Returns {Object}`
        - End with the condition `when {condition}` or `with {condition}

>         - e.g.: `Returns invalid error when the input is invalid`

Reviewer: I think it is correct 🤔
```suggestion
        - e.g.: `return invalid error when the input is invalid`
```

> 1. input values

Reviewer: Do you mean `function argument`?

```suggestion
1. testing arguments
```

>     Input value for testing should be a meaningful value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Input arguments for testing should be a meaningful value.
```

>     It is because we should test with more realistic value as user use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    We should test with more realistic value as user use, to produce more realistic testing result.
```

>     Input arguments for testing should be a meaningful value.
>     We should test with more realistic value as user use, to produce more realistic testing result.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Input arguments for testing should be a meaningful value.
    We should test with more realistic value as user use, to produce a more realistic testing result.
```

Author: ```suggestion
    Input arguments for testing should be a meaningful value.
    We should test with more realistic value as user use, to produce more realistic testing results.
```

Reviewer 2: thank you for your suggestion. 🙇 
It looks good to me.
I think your suggestion is good.

Reviewer: I think `testing result` is correct

>     We should test with more realistic value as user use, to produce more realistic testing results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    We should test with more realistic value as user use, to produce more realistic testing result.
```

>     For example, when you use `host` for test value, you should set `your hostname (e.g. vald.vdaas.com)` as `host`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    For example, to test the function with `host` argument, you should set your hostname (e.g. `vald.vdaas.com`) as the input value to the `host` argument.
```

> 

Reviewer: should we include a link to the unit test guideline here?

Author: it's good idea 😎

Author: But, I cannot image where we can set link 🤔

Reviewer: maybe we can move all the contents of test section to the new doc can include only the like here.
https://github.com/vdaas/vald/blob/064c7fb5035596928a5696a7dc93eec81cb24856/docs/contributing/coding-style.md#test

Author: I think it'd be better to separate it.
cuz, this document only targets unit test, but coding-guideline targets all test (unit, integrate, api...)
